so we're gonna start with a pre-heat
your oven to 350 we're gonna line a
large baking sheet with tin foil like
this which I've done and we're gonna
start with garlic and onions but what I
do it's a little bit different is i
saute the garlic and onions first
because it brings a lot of flavor this
is what fantastic meatloaf so I have 1/2
cup of chopped onion 1 clove of garlic
right here and I also have 1/4 teaspoon
of thyme dried thyme leaves and when you
saute herbs like that it brings out
flavors even more so all right about a
teaspoon of olive oil into a small pan
like this 1/2 cup of onion in here and
that 1 clove of garlic that I put
through the garlic press and that
quarter teaspoon of dried thyme leaves
also goes in here okay so we're gonna
saute this for about 5 minutes until
it's like even a little bit Brown
because this I mean if you put this in
raw it just won't be the same you've got
to saute it and cook it till it's nice
and brown and by the way this meatloaf
was in my cookbook this recipe people
said it was the best meatloaf they've
ever had it was the most popular recipe
in my book and it's just really good
there's quite a few ingredients but you
just kind of after this you just dump
everything in the bowl it's really easy
so we'll give this about another four or
four and a half minutes and we'll start
to put it all together so after about
five minutes it's going to look like
this nice and browned and that's what
you want we'll turn this off and we're
gonna set this aside to cool while we
put all the other ingredients together
and pretty much everything gets dumped
into a bowl at this point except the
meat that's gonna go and last so here's
my recipe all right it's a 1/2 cup of
quick oats into a big bowl it's 1/3 cup
of milk I like to put the milk in second
to kind of soak into those the oats a
little bit third cup of milk and over
here we have a quarter cup each of
finely chopped carrot I kind of shred
the carrot and then chop it up a little
bit so it's the quarter cup of chopped
carrot a quarter cup of fresh parsley
and these really really makes such a
difference it's a quarter cup of green
pepper
and 1/4 cup of red pepper these the the
red pepper is sweet the green pepper is
tart it makes a great combination okay
we're also going to add a half cup of
ketchup right here that goes in half cup
of ketchup one egg a teaspoon of Dijon
mustard which I pre measure it already
1/2 teaspoon of salt some fresh pepper
and this is the only way to do pepper
okay and then we're gonna mix this up
see these colors this first of all the
oats instead of bread or whatever the
oats add fiber and healthy fiber to this
meatloaf and a great texture the peppers
add antioxidants the green and red
peppers onions and garlic are very
healthy so there's really a lot of great
health benefits to this okay that's all
stirred up now all we're gonna do is put
in the cooled onions and the ground the
beef so the onions go in onions and
garlic and thyme and this is going to I
think I better put on some gloves for
this it's one and a half pounds of
ground beef and by the way I've done
this with ground bison you know Buffalo
which is very lean and no storm owns or
anything it's really good you can't even
tell the difference but this is one and
a half pounds of the leanest ground beef
I get this one I think has maybe nine
percent fat okay so that goes in and now
I'm going to switch to my gloves and
we're gonna mix this all up now you want
to get it mixed but not over mix it so
kind of fold from underneath and and
just stir it enough so it's all
incorporated but don't overdo it because
then it won't be quite as soft after
it's done this just takes it you know
maybe 15 or 20 turns okay that's it
now it's time to put it on to that foil
lined baking sheet that we did which is
right here
and we're gonna shape it into a loaf I
just kind of dumped it on there and
shape it into about a five by nine inch
loaf and there's a reason why I'm using
the foil lined sheet and not a loaf pan
you'll see when this is done the fat is
going to drain away from this loaf
making it very very lean because when
you use a loaf pan the fat stays in the
meat and that's the fact that you don't
want there's a little olive oil in there
there's lots of flavor you don't need
any of that saturated fat to make this
really really delicious so I think
that's it try to make it about even now
this is going to go into the preheated
350 degree oven and the best the safest
way to cook it is to know that it's a
hundred and sixty degrees inside so what
I do is I put a thermometer in this is
one of those instant read thermometer
you can test it later on when it's done
but I have one that will continue to
read I put it in the center of the meat
like that and then I put it in my oven
and this end stays out to taeyeon Tilly
I'll show you in a second so this goes
into the oven for one hour at 350 and
then I have this thermometer that I plug
this in to which I don't know if you can
see and then that'll tell me when it
reaches the temperature but again you
can test this with an hour is pretty
much it anyway but you can test it with
an instant-read thermometer and after an
hour wait till you see how beautiful
this all browned on the outsides
fantastic one hour
okay the thermometer says it's 160
degrees and it's all done and it's
absolutely beautiful look at this here
to be pull-out food thermometer okay
look at this awesome see look at that
see that fat that's drained away that's
all that saturated fat that causes heart
disease you don't need that so the fat
that's why you do it on the the sheet
with the foil like that it's browned on
all sides the end cut is the best part
but you do have to let it rest for 10
minutes before you eat it so you know
you have to just be
ancient but when you try it if you don't
think this is the best meatloaf you have
ever had maybe you should take your
meatloaf and